DOCS Documentation cleanup (#2070)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/usage/loading-custom-python-code.md

(loading-custom-python-code)=
# Loading custom Python code

Pyodide provides a simple API {any}`pyodide.runPython` to run Python code.
However, when your Python code grow bigger, putting hundreds of lines inside `runPython` is not scalable.

For larger projects, the best way to run Python code with Pyodide is:

1. create a Python package
1. load your Python package into the Pyodide (Emscripten) virtual file system
1. import the package with ``let mypkg = pyodide.pyimport("mypkgname")``
1. call into your package with ``mypkg.some_api(some_args)``.

> ## Using wheel packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using wheels
```

> The most recommended way of serving custom Python code is making it a wheel package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The best way of serving custom Python code is making it a package in the wheel (.whl) format.
```

I think technically wheel is package format, https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/glossary/#term-Wheel and "wheel package" sounds a bit unexpected to me.

If the package is built as a `wheel` file, you can use {any}`micropip.install` to
install the package. See {ref}`loading_packages` for more information.

```{admonition} Packages with C extensions
:class: warning

If your Python code contains C extensions,
it needs to be built in a specialized way (See {ref}`new-packages`).
```

## Loading then importing Python code

It is also possible to download and import Python code from an external source.

> We recommend you to serve whole code as an archive, instead of downloading each Python scripts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend that you serve all files in an archive, instead of individually downloading each Python script.
```

> ### Inside Pyodide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### From Python
```

```pyodide
// Downloading an archive
await pyodide.runPythonAsync(`
    from pyodide.http import pyfetch
    response = await pyfetch("https://.../your_package.tar.gz") # .zip, .whl, ...
    await response.unpack_archive() # by default, unpacks to the current dir
`)
pkg = pyodide.pyimport("your_package");
pkg.do_something();
```

```pyodide
// Downloading a single file
await pyodide.runPythonAsync(`
    from pyodide.http import pyfetch
    response = await pyfetch("https://.../script.py")
    with open("script.py", "wb") as f:
        f.write(await response.bytes())
`)
pkg = pyodide.pyimport("script");
pkg.do_something();
```

```{admonition} What is pyfetch?
:class: info

Pyodide provides {any}`pyodide.http.pyfetch`,
which is a convenient wrapper of JavaScript `fetch`.
See {ref}`load-external-files-in-pyodide` for more information.
```

> ### In Javascript side

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### From JavaScript
```
